docs(play): include authorizations section for Play (#6410)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/modeler/web-modeler/play-your-process.md

| Process Definition  | READ_PROCESS_INSTANCE                            | View process instance(s)                                                                                        |
| Process Definition  | READ_USER_TASK                                   | Get information about a user task                                                                               |
| Process Definition  | UPDATE_USER_TASK                                 | Complete a user task                                                                                            |
| Process Definition  | UPDATE_PROCESS_INSTANCE                          | Complete a service task, Throw error from a service task, Apply modifications, Set variables, Resolve incidents |
| Decision Definition | READ_DECISION_DEFINITION, READ_DECISION_INSTANCE | View decision instance in Operate (SaaS only)                                                                   |
| Message             | CREATE                                           | Publish a message                                                                                               |

### Limitations {#authorizations-limitations}

> - Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. Resource ID has to be \* when defining authorizations.

Author: it will work as if no authorizations were defined

> - Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. Resource ID has to be \* when defining authorizations.

Reviewer: So since we use the Operate v1 API, it's not that Resource ID is \*, but that Play always treats the resource ID as \*. Is that true?

> - Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. Resource ID has to be \* when defining authorizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. If the Resource ID is not \* when defining authorizations, then the user will not have access to any resources.
```

> - Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. If the **Resource ID** is not \* when defining authorizations, the user will not have access to any resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fine-grained authorizations are not supported. If the **Resource ID** is not \* when defining authorizations, the user will not have access to any resources.
```

Did you mean to have something in place of `\*`?

Author: No, it is literally `*` 🙂
